all my friends this is blind warrior
gaming and I am Holly virus and I'm
ringing to you today MLB 2k11 a little
bit of my player mode I'm creating a
starting pitcher trying to make him into
the similar age likeness of myself the
one thing that I can't do is change the
year 281 because it just won't let me
going to have three pitches a fastball a
slider and a split changeup this is
going to be a player that I'm going to
assign to the Chicago Cubs organization
since I am a huge Cubs fan we're going
to go ahead and start this characters
career see if we can get him into the
major leagues the game is being played
on pro difficulty I really don't want to
go too much more difficult than I
considering I have you know poor
eyesight now not sure how well i'm going
to do i played this in quite some time
and you know hopefully i do well
congratulations on being a top draft
pick the party time is over and it's
time to get to work the organization
thinks so highly view that they're
sending you straight to double-a you
should get there just in time making
professional debut at some point we game
tonight your team is in a tense battle
and they'll need you to give them a lift
if you succeed in your clutch moment
you'll get an extra skill point bonus to
start your career let's see if you can
come through on some of the lofty
expectations that come with your
first-round draft pick status so they've
gone ahead and put me into a clutch
moment situation I've got a one nothing
score in the ninth inning and I have run
around third with two down even though
I've set up as a starting pitcher for
some recently since your clutch moment
to be a closing situation so we'll go
ahead and get this thing going and let's
see how this plays out start this better
off with a slider on the inside portion
of the plate
we've got a one ball no strike count
I've gotta run around first
there's the third
so go back into the dugout and we'll see
what happens with my team on the
offensive side see if they can get the
lead back which we did and that will
probably end my debut
they bring in a reliever I don't get the
save I do get the wind and that's how my
characters career starts out not quite
what I was hoping for but I'm sure we'll
get some other showings as a starting
pitcher that as a closer here because
you know what's really holding the inlet
any rate to this is wholly virus and I
am the one
hope you enjoyed this short little debut
video and I'm going to go
you guys my characters at first start
very shortly so please has always click
the like button subscribe to the channel
create this series as a playlist so that
you all can watch it from start to
finish as it goes and y'all keep rockin
and peace out
you